ORBEA BICYCLE DESCRIPTION
URL: https://cms.orbea.com/en-au/m/kemen-adv
MODEL: Kemen Adv

Escape the everyday
Take a deep breath of fresh air. Follow that trail and find out where it leads. Pack a lunch and head out to the beach. Why don't you take it a little bit too far and escape for a while?

Get the highlights

Controlled in any situation
No matter where your adventure leads Kemen Adv is ready.

Power up for the longest adventures
Kemen´s capacious battery and powerful motor opens up a world of possibilities.

Safety built in
Safety is considered from the start and designed in. That includes intuitive handling and an integrated lighting system that ensures you are always visible.
The frame design and components are carefully considered to give maximum control on rougher trails.

Designed to handle

Off-Road suspension

Powerful EP6 motor

You can do this all day

Assist switch

Intelligent lighting system

Components you can count on

A world of possibilities
The tools you use everyday need to be comfortable and versatile, and Kemen is a bike that offers many possibilities.

Trail specific mudguards
Designed to work with a wider tyre, Kemen Adv´s mudguards are robust and silent. To ensure that dirt doesn't gather between the mudguard and the tyre we keep everything totally smooth internally, moving the mounting points and light fittings to the exterior.

30kg rear rack
Enjoy the benefits of the 30kg capable rear rack, with the MIK HD easy attachment system. It is also compatible with conventional saddlebag mounts and with the Ortlieb QL 3.1, MIK and MIK-SIDE systems.

Your phone, the best display
Our cockpit is designed to make mounting your mobile phone secure and easy with the integrated SP Connect system. The mount is also compatible with Quadlock.

USB-C charger
The top tube power outlet offers a USB-C connection for charging your mobile phone on route. You can also connect any USB-C compatible device you want.

MIK: Use, swap or remove
The beauty of the MIK system is that you can quickly remove or change bags. It is a simple as click and ride.

Optional front rack
The optional front rack is rated for up to 10kg. Mounting the rack to the frame, instead of the handlebars, offers the best stability and keeps the steering light and agile even when fully loaded.

Kickstand
The sturdy kickstand uses upgraded springs to ensure that it never rattles.

Frame mounting points
Kemen offers two frame mounting points which can fit a bottle, lock or the range extender. A nice touch is that these are both available on the mid and high bar frames.

Trailer compatible
If you want to tow a trailer then Kemen is compatible with the main trailer brands with the through axle system.

Your Kemen, your way
We are all individuals, and our bikes should be too. Configure your Kemen to perfectly fit into your day-to-day.

EXPANDED DETAILS

Patented cockpit
And our patented new cockpit offers four positions to make finding the perfect riding position easy.
The two lengths make it easy to fine tune the bike fit to you.
Choose the higher positions for more comfort, or the lower positions for a more sporty ride.
Top bar or mid bar
Choose top bar for the sportiest ride, or a mid-bar for ease of use.
Top-Bar
The top-bar design is inherently more rigid, providing the ultimate handling for those looking to ride harder.
Mid-Bar
The mid-bar frame design eases mounting and dismounting while offering superior rigidity to a low-bar design. The result is a more responsive, more controlled ride.
Dropper Post
Choose a telescopic seatpost to make it easier to mount and dismount, especially when the bike is loaded.

Off-Road suspension
The combination of the suspension fork and wider tyres offers just enough travel for control on rougher trails.
100mm fork
The 100mm fork gives enough travel to give a controlled ride on rougher trails.

Powerful EP6 motor
The powerful EP motor system offers 85Nm of assistance to help speed you up the steepest climbs, or carry heavy loads. With different assistance modes you can reduce your effort to almost nothing, or choose to do most of the work and save battery.

You can do this all day
The 630Wh battery, integrated into the downtube uses the latest cell technology to pack more charge into a smaller space.
Modular battery system
The 252Wh range extender slots easily into the bottle cage and provides instant extra charge, even if most people will never need that extra range.

Assist switch
The clever remote on the handlebar allows you to control the motor assistance level, while the LED lights tell you how much charge you have left and which mode you are in.

Be safe, be seen
Every time you switch Kemen on, the wraparound lights power up in sequence. This is not just for looks; these lights are designed to keep you visible day or night.
The wrap around lights make sure you are always visible, day or night, even from the side, while the reactive rear lights brighten to announce braking.
The front beam switches on automatically at night to increase your visibility even if the streets are dark.
StVZO compliant
Our headlight, rear lights and the integrated wrap-around lights are StVZO compliant.
Wrap around position light
The wrap around lights make sure you are always visible, day or night, even from the side.
Powerful integrated headlight
The Supernova headlight is integrated into the handlebar. As well as being protected from damage or theft, this removes obstructions from the light beam.
Rear alert light
The rear light intensifies as you brake, helping alert the traffic behind you. This safety feature allows you to calmly focus on the road ahead knowing your back is covered.

Components you can count on
Little details that make life a lot safer!
Wide, grippy tyres
Robust and grippy, high quality tyres, with internal reinforcing to protect against punctures and reflective strips on the sidewalls to make sure you are seen.
Powerful brakes
You will find reliable, powerful, quality hydraulic disc brakes on all Kemen models.
Spinblock
Our integrated system prevents the handlebars from rotating too far, making it much easier to load and unload your bike.
AirTag ready
Hidden on Kemen is a space to mount an airtag if you want. We won't tell you where, you will have to wait until you receive your bike to find out. You can mount an airtag here, or any compatible tracker.
Smart charger
Our smart charger constantly monitors the battery while charging to give the safest, fastest charge possible.
RimLock mount
The rear triangle has two mounting points to mount a frame lock for those who want to.
